# Basic Example
This is a basic example of how to use the Astra API with the custom functions example. It utilises some basic features of the API, and some basic types for CRUD operations for a blog system. The results and data are faked, but the important thing to note here is that the types are carried through the entire system, and Astra can be used to generate a full CRUD system with a few lines of code.

## Custom functions
The custom functions here that are setup to be parsed by Astra are:
```go
func handleError(c *gin.Context, statusCode int, err error) {
    c.Error(err)
    c.String(statusCode, err.Error())
}

func handleSuccess(c *gin.Context, statusCode int, data interface{}) {
    c.JSON(statusCode, data)
}
```

These functions are used to handle errors and successes in the API, and are used by the API to return the correct status codes and data. These functions are parsed by Astra, and are used to generate the correct OpenAPI file. In `main.go` there is simple configuration with documentation comments to set those up in the parsing mechanism.

## Running the example

To run the example, you need to have a working Go installation. You can run the example by running:

```bash
go run .
```

## Important files

The important files in this example are:
* `main.go` - This is the main file that runs the example with the custom options validation parsing.
* `customFuncs.go` - This is the file that contains the custom functions that are used by the example and are parsed.
* `openapi.generated.yaml` - This is the OpenAPI file that is generated by Astra.